Add AGENTS.md agent guidance (#52)
ultralytics/flickr_scraper: AGENTS.md

2. **Bugfixes are net-negative by default.** A bugfix that adds more lines than it removes needs a one-sentence justification in the PR body naming why deletion and relocation were impossible.
3. **Search the repo before creating anything.** Before building a helper, search the whole repo — it likely exists (`utils/general.py` holds the shared helpers). If two scripts grow the same logic, consolidate into `utils/` and delete the duplicates. Avoid premature abstraction — three similar lines beat a helper nobody else calls.
4. **Deletion beats caution.** Zero regression means understanding the code you remove, not leaving it in place as insurance. Keeping broken or duplicated code "to be safe" is itself the regression: it is how repos rot. All changes must still ship debugged, validated, and production ready.

> **Output gate:** every PR body must contain a `Deleted:` line naming the code removed (functions, branches, files, config). Features must name what they reused or consolidated. `Deleted: nothing` demands the rule-2 justification.

Reviewer: 💡 **MEDIUM**: This PR introduces a hard output gate requiring every PR body to include a `Deleted:` line, but the current PR body in the description does not include one. Please update the PR body to satisfy the new gate, or this change blocks its own merge criteria.

## Architecture

Single-script scraper, not a package. `flickr_scraper.py` is the entry point: `resolve_credentials()` reads the API key/secret from `--key`/`--secret`, then the `FLICKR_API_KEY`/`FLICKR_API_SECRET` env vars, then the module-level `key`/`secret` constants; `get_urls()` calls the Flickr `photos.search` JSON API, keeps only photos exposing `url_o`, de-dupes URLs within a run, and (with `--download`) saves via `utils.general.download_uri` into `./images/<search>/`.

- `utils/general.py` — the shared helpers (`safe_filename_from_uri`, `download_uri`); this is the only module imported by both `flickr_scraper.py` and the tests.
- `utils/` also holds standalone scripts run directly, never imported: `clean_images.py` (dedupe/resize a scraped folder; needs OpenCV, which is **not** in `requirements.txt`), `multithread_example.py`, and `flickr_scraper_noapi.py`.
- `tests/conftest.py` puts the repo root on `sys.path`; tests monkeypatch `FlickrAPI` and `requests.get`, so the suite never hits the network or needs credentials.

## Conventions

> - Every file starts with `# Ultralytics 🚀 AGPL-3.0 License - https://ultralytics.com/license` — Ultralytics Actions adds headers automatically; don't add or revert them manually.

Reviewer: 📝 **LOW**: This convention is too broad for the repository as-is: `README.md` does not start with the Ultralytics license header, and this new `AGENTS.md` also starts with `# AGENTS.md`. As written, future agents may try to add headers to Markdown files that intentionally do not have them. Please scope this to the file types where the convention actually applies.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
- Python and workflow files start with `# Ultralytics 🚀 AGPL-3.0 License - https://ultralytics.com/license` — Ultralytics Actions adds headers automatically; don't add or revert them manually.
```
